Bump the package:mime dep to 2.0.0 (#3758)
dart-lang/build: build_runner/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.4.13

- Bump the min sdk to 3.5.0.

> - Bump the `mime` dependency to ^2.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump the `mime` dependency to allow version 2.x.
```
